Migrate SQL docs (#521)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/reference/pages/sql/sql-functions/other-functions/nullif.adoc

= nullif()
:description: The NULLIF() function replaces a given value with null if it matches a specific criterion.
:page-topic-type: reference

The `NULLIF()` function replaces a given value with null if it matches a specific criterion.

== Syntax

> The following illustrates the syntax of the `NULLIF` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example illustrates the syntax of the `NULLIF` function:
```
